DDS-1860 [Radio Group] Fix of QA test (#143)
dsv-rp/DDS: .changeset/eight-goats-joke.md

---
"@daikin-oss/design-system-web-components": minor
---

> **BREAKING CHANGE** Radio Group: Fix the problem of reverse orientation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**BREAKING CHANGE** Radio Group: Fixed an issue where the `"horizontal"` and `"vertical"` of the `orientation` property were switched. Also, the default value is now `"vertical"`.
```
